# DEPRECATED

In iOS7, Apple removed support for querying the MAC address. All devices on iOS 7 will return the same MAC address, so you should migrate away from this code and simply use `[[UIDevice currentDevice] identifierForVendor]`.

In the last commit for this project, I have added an upgrade path that can preserve the UDID generated by this API between iOS 6 and 7.
If you push an update to your users with this code before they install iOS 7 (and call UDID at least once on iOS6), then their device identifier won't change after updating. 

The upgrade path works like so: when the UDID method is called pre-iOS7, the Mac address and identifierForVendor are saved to disk (in NSUserDefaults). 
When it is called post-iOS7, if a cached MAC address exists (and the device is the same as when it was recorded, based on the saved identifierForVendor), the sha1 hashed MAC address is returned *as before*.  Otherwise, a sha1 hash of `identifierForVendor` is returned.
Thus, if you push an update with the latest UIDevice-UUID code to your users before iOS 7 and call UDID on iOS 6, their identifiers won't change post iOS 7 update.

Despite the above upgrade path, it's probably a good time to migrate to `[[UIDevice currentDevice] identifierForVendor]` if you can.


# UIDevice-UUID

UIDevice-UDID is a replacement for the now deprecated `[[UIDevice currentDevice] uniqueIdentifier]` method. It is designed to be code compatible generating a string of the same number of characters, that should be unique per device.  It isn't a drop-in replacement for fear of monkey patching over Apple's own methods. However you are free to rename the `UDID` method to `uniqueIdentifier` if you like (at your own risk).

No black magic, just a sha1 hash of the user's `en0` MAC address.  The SHA1 function is included in a separate .h/.m in case you'd like to use it independently. A method to get the user's MAC address (used to generate the UDID) is also exposed, in case you need it.

There are no `release`/`retain`/`autorelease` calls so it should work with or without ARC.

No rights reserved, this code is in the public domain. Do with it as you please.


## Usage

    #import "UIDevice+UDID.h"
    
    // ... sometime later in your code
    
    // for a true unique device identifier
    NSLog(@"UDID: %@", [[UIDevice currentDevice] UDID]);
    
    // for a unique device identifier just for your apps
    NSLog(@"UDID with custom salt: %@", [[UIDevice currentDevice] UDIDWithSalt:@"some secret key"]);
    
    // for a unique device identifier just for this specific app
    NSLog(@"UDID with bundle-id salt: %@", [[UIDevice currentDevice] UDIDWithSalt:[[NSBundle mainBundle] bundleIdentifier]]);

    // get the user's mac address (I probably wouldn't recommend using this as your UDID)
    NSLog(@"MAC Address %@", [[UIDevice currentDevice]  macAddressForInterface:nil]);

    
    
## Resources

The following sources provided useful code snippets for this little library:

[Generating a SHA1 hash on iPhone][1]

[Getting the users Mac address][2]

[1]: http://stackoverflow.com/a/1084497/72176
[2]: https://github.com/gekitz/UIDevice-with-UniqueIdentifier-for-iOS-5/blob/master/Classes/UIDevice%2BIdentifierAddition.m